Description for every file:

assignment_12.py: operators are implemented in it and it can be used to test task 1~3 by commandline
To test the commandline,just type in command in the terminal  
commanline: python assignment_12.py python assignment_12.py --task [task_number] --friends [path_to_friends_file.txt] --ratings [path_to_ratings_file.txt] --uid [user_id] --mid [movie_id]  
default for each parameter:  
task_number: 1  
path_to_friends_file.txt: "data_friends_test"  
path_to_ratings_file.txt: "data_movie_ratings_test"  
user_id: 0  
movie_id: 0  

mytest.py: This file is to test every operators and tasks. All operators and tasks are tested separately.  
TO run test, just use Pytest in the terminal  
commandline: pytest mytest.py  

data_friends_test.txt: This dataset stores relations between people. It is created to test commandline.  
There are 100 people whose id range from 0 to 99 and each person is a friend of the remaining people.  
So the data in it is:  
0  1  
0  2  
0  3  
....  
....  
99  97  
99  98   
And I shuffle all lines, so the data becomes:  
16 3  
56 94  
1 79  
....  
....  
95 58  
21 78  

data_movie_ratings_test.txt: This dataset stores ratings for each movie given by people. It is created to test commanline.   
There are 100 movies whose id range from 0 to 99 and each person in 100 people gives a rating ranging from 0 to 5 to each movie. The ratings are generated by random(random.randint(0,5))
So the data in it is:  
0  0  random number   
0  1  random number  
...................  
...................  
99 98 random number  
99 99 random number  
And I shuffle all lines, so the data becomes:  
35 11 4  
58 51 3  
64 52 5  
.......  
.......  
61 20 1  
87 36 2  

tiny_data_friends: This dataset stores a few lines of relations for testing.  
The data in it is :  
0  1  
0  2  
1  0  
1  2  
2  0  
2  1  

tiny_data_ratings: The dataset stores a few lines of movie ratings for testting.  
The data in it is :  
0  0  3  
0  1  5  
0  2  1  
1  0  4  
1  1  1  
1  2  2  
2  0  5  
2  1  0  
2  2  3  





PS: The ray version is in the assignment_12_ray branch. It can be tested in the same way mentioned above.
And it also uses the same data. 


